one owner car guy one owner car guy calm
and what I got here for you today is a
92 Camaro rally sport we've got the
regular ol anniversary edition wheels it
does have a few scuffs around the bottom
seems to start fine the front piece has
got messed up like had a lot not really
really rough but it's not really really
clean it's got about a 140 mm yeah 142
Juho tires on the front BF fees on the
back how much go ahead and start it to
show you that under the hood actually in
good shape under there
a butterfly patch because it was ripped
probably petals aren't in bad shape
always does that
it's not super-clean sunroof ism factory
of course has been a little quiet
because
love that sound whether it's a little
Chevy pickup or in a car like this now I
can get you anything you want like this
at auction the thing is
yeah actually I come back it by this car
fits right Christ
so that'll be nice maybe that's
all the gauges are working at me
good
the mirrors work
I'm going to pull the auto check on this
bad boy this could be a one owner car
and I'm going to try my hardest to get
this up on my hipster cars Channel
tonight to where you can see it
Wow before
well that's half way cool it's actually
over Bosco
Wow
that's not a cheap cheap proof it's a
little bit better than it she please
think about that will basta top I'm
gonna closing I'm gonna do a video just
on that just for the heck of it
I'm trying some new things on my channel
the way I'm gonna put these videos
together I'm trying to get less lag and
more cool stuff that makes any sense
the a TBI not the TP I sink race shape I
like this car and I think you're gonna
see me in the bidding lines whether it's
online or your in person do video on the
top real quick you should see this on
hipster cars calm tonight on my channel
or anti hipster cars the YouTube channel
is actually where you'll see it and I'm
gonna try to upload it if you got any
questions comments or anything
talk to me I'm gonna try and get this up
before the auction to where you can
comment we'll talk to